Video:- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1kS8jKf70E&t=2262s
There are 2 types of registries in terraform:-
1. public Registry:- https://registry.terraform.io/
2. private Registry:-
It was formerly known as terraform cloud and now we call it ias HCP terraform (HashiCorp Cloud platform).

What are drawbacks with existing system? why do we need HCP terraform?
1. Login credentials
We had to either manually provide the aws or azure credentials or store it locally in files or as environemnt variables
2. Secrets
In terraform secrets can be encoded but not encrypted, we will have to use third party services such as aws secret manager or azure key vault to store secrets.
Terraform does not provide any secrets management.
3. Automate:-
No automation provided by terraform, you had to run terraform commands manually or use CI/CD tools such as github actions or gitlab.
4. Store Modules:-
Custom modules you created were available locally and use them locally.
Terraform does not provide any default registries to store and share the modules.
5. Multiple environments:-
Duplicate the code if infrastructure has to be deployed to multiple environments or use terraform workspaces locally.

The solution is HCP terraform
1. It has inbuilt git integration which means we dont have to do the git clone n git checkout, hcp will do it automatically.
2. it supports workspaces and projects.
3. Inbuilt storage for vars, statefiles and crdentails, you dont have to use remote backend or .tfvars files.
4. Inbuilt support for private registry
5. GUI interface

Hierarchy in HCP:-

Organization
    |
projects
    |
workspaces------>collection of terraform files that belong to a single application related infrastructure or that belong to a single aws service something like that

Workspace = where state, variables, and runs are managed.
Workflow = the sequence of steps (plan → review → approve → apply) used to deploy infrastructure.

You can create workflows in 3 ways:-

1. Version control workflow:-
supported version controls are github, gitlab, bitbucket and Azuredevops
whenever there is a change in the repository according to the details we have configured in the workflow creation a run will be triggered automatically.
2. CLI driven workflow:-
We can map local terraform folder with HCP workflows
3. API Driven workflow:-

NOTE:- Whenever you are using HCP terraform we should not give backend details in the configuration files, if it is present it will throw error.


